{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh7280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Introduction\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 Gator Arcade is a collection of classic board and card games such as tic-tac-toe, connect four, checkers, hangman, blackjack, War, and Go Fish. This documentation will be going over the backend work for tic-tac-toe and War specifically.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Tutorial: Tic-Tac-Toe\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 To start the game, first run the following command in the terminal:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 go run main.go
\f1 \
A prompt will show asking Player 1 to choose their marker. Type 'X' or 'O' and hit ENTER. At this point, a blank board should display on the screen, and another prompt to select a spot on the board. In order to do this, type in the ROW and COLUMN number separated by only a space and then hit ENTER. The display will show the updated board with your marker in the selected spot. For example, typing in "1 2" will return:\

\f2 ---
\f1 \

\f2 --X
\f1 \

\f2 ---
\f1 \
Now the game will prompt Player 2 to do the same.\
The game will continue until one player wins or the game is a draw.\

\f0\b Win example:
\f1\b0 \

\f2 Player 1 wins!
\f1 \

\f2 O-O
\f1 \

\f2 XXX
\f1 \

\f2 ---
\f1 \

\f0\b Draw example:
\f1\b0 \

\f2 Game is a draw.
\f1 \

\f2 XOX
\f1 \

\f2 XOO
\f1 \

\f2 OXX\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Tutorial: War\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 To start the game, first run the following command in the terminal:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 go run main.go
\f1 \
A deck is initialized with numbers assigned to each card and then shuffled using the Fisher-Yates Shuffle algorithm. The deck is then split between Player 1 and Player 2 (26 cards each). The game will begin to automatically draw and compare cards for both players and display the results on the screen:\

\f2 Drawing...
\f1 \

\f2 Player 1 draws a Nine of Hearts.
\f1 \

\f2 Player 2 draws a Queen of Clubs.
\f1 \

\f2 Player 2 wins this round!
\f1 \
In the case of a tie, the game will automatically draw 3 cards for each player.\

\f2 Player 1 draws a Nine of Hearts.
\f1 \

\f2 Player 2 draws a Nine of Hearts.
\f1 \

\f2 It's a tie! Drawing 3 cards each...
\f1 \
The game will loop through until one player wins all 52 cards possible or the game has run for over 5000 rounds. In the case of the game running for over 5000 rounds, it will declare one of the players the winner if they ended up with more cards than the other, except for in the case of a tie.\

\f0\b Win examples:
\f1\b0 \

\f2 Player 1 won the game after 829 rounds! Thanks for playing.
\f1 \

\f2 Congrats, Player 2! After 5000 turns, you had more cards than Player 1 at 45 vs 44. Let's call that a win!
\f1 \

\f0\b Draw example:
\f1\b0 \

\f2 It's a tie after 5000 turns. Wow! What a game!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Error Codes/Warnings\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 If a player in War is dealt more or less than exactly half of the card deck (26 cards), then a warning will display on screen such as this:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 Size error in func deal: P1 hand stack is size 27
\f1 \
If a spot on the tic-tac-toe board is already taken by a player's marker and this spot is selected again, the following message will appear:\

\f2 Spot already taken. Please choose another spot.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 If a spot is chosen on the tic-tac-toe board that is out of bounds, this error will appear:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 Error: Out of bounds
\f1 \
}